Please follow the following instructions step by step in order to get started properly with Github.

1. Navigate to https://github.com/iambradblackburn/portfolio
2. Sign in
3. Navigate to your profile home page or screenshot “a”.
4. Navigate to your repositories library or screenshot “b”.
5. Navigate to your portfolio repository or screenshot “c”.
6. Click on the green clone or download button seen in screenshot “d”.
7. Copy the link to the HTTPS version of your repository.
8. Open a fresh terminal window on your computer.
9. Type git —version and hit enter, to double check that git is installed properly on your computer
10. Type “git clone” and paste the link to your repo you just copied from the browser in the fresh terminal window. (no quotations), then hit enter
11. Double check your main user folder for a new folder named the same thing as your repository name to make sure it worked.
12. Add a sample file in your terminal window by typing “touch sample_file_by_brad.txt” (no quotations) and press enter.
13. Open the file in text editor, and do the following:
	a. In the menu of text edit, click format, make plain text
	b. In the menu of text edit, click edit, hover on substitutions, and then remove 	both checkmarks from smart quotes 	and smart dashes
14. On your computer go to system preferences
15. Click on keyboard in the system preferences menu
16. In the keyboard menu at the top of the window, click on text
17. Uncheck the box that says “Use smart quotes and dashes”
18. Go back to text edit
19. In text edit, add the following text to the sample_file_by_brad.txt document “Hi I’m Brad.” (no quotations)
20. Go back to your terminal window
21. Type the following verbatim: git pull && git add . && git commit -m “this is my first file commit” && git push and then press enter
22. ignore all messages you receive except one, make sure you see master -> master on the last line
23. type the following into the terminal window verbatim: git config —global user.name “Brad Blackburn” (please do not copy and paste this text, please type it and include the quotations), and then press enter.
24. type the following into the terminal window verbatim: git config —global user.email “bradgotmail@gmail.com” (please do not copy and paste this text, please type it and include the quotations), and then press enter.
25. Navigate to Navigate to https://github.com/iambradblackburn/portfolio; you are looking for evidence of your new file posted on github

If you have any questions, please contact Samiah immediately before attempting to troubleshoot.